[Multi Cluster] Distribute narratives better (#186)
mspnp/aks-secure-baseline: docs/deploy/05-cluster-prerequisites.md

# Deploy the AKS cluster prerequisites and shared services

> In the prior step, you [generated the user-facing TLS certificate](./04-ca-certificates.md); now follow the next step in the [AKS baseline multi cluster reference implementation](/README.md) is deploying the shared service instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the prior step, you [generated the user-facing TLS certificate](./04-ca-certificates.md); now follows the next step in the [AKS baseline multi cluster reference implementation](/README.md) which is deploying the shared service instances.
```
